Forbid auctions from having both buyers and component auctions (#419)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

The optional `directFromSellerSignals` field can also be used to pass signals to the auction, similar to `sellerSignals`,  `perBuyerSignals`, and `auctionSignals`. The difference is that `directFromSellerSignals` are trusted to come from the seller because the content loads from a [subresource bundle](https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/blob/main/explainers/subresource-loading.md) loaded from a seller's origin, ensuring the authenticity and integrity of the signals. For more details, see [2.5 directFromSellerSignals](#25-additional-trusted-signals-directfromsellersignals).

> In some cases, multiple SSPs may want to participate in an auction, with the winners of separate auctions being passed up to another auction, run by another SSP. To facilitate these "component auctions", `componentAuctions` can optionally contain additional auction configurations for each seller's "component auction". The winning bid of each of these "component auctions" will be passed to the "top-level" auction. How bids are scored in this case is further described in [2.4 Scoring Bids in Component Auctions](#24-scoring-bids-in-component-auctions). The `AuctionConfig` of component auctions may not have their own `componentAuctions`. When `componentAuctions` is non-empty, `interestGroupBuyers` must be empty, so all bids either come from component auctions, or are made directly to a single top-level auction, which has no nested component auctions.

Reviewer: Hm I think this is a little grammatically ambiguous.  How about

```suggestion
In some cases, multiple SSPs may want to participate in an auction, with the winners of separate auctions being passed up to another auction, run by another SSP. To facilitate these "component auctions", `componentAuctions` can optionally contain additional auction configurations for each seller's "component auction". The winning bid of each of these "component auctions" will be passed to the "top-level" auction. How bids are scored in this case is further described in [2.4 Scoring Bids in Component Auctions](#24-scoring-bids-in-component-auctions). The `AuctionConfig` of component auctions may not have their own `componentAuctions`. When `componentAuctions` is non-empty, `interestGroupBuyers` must be empty.  That is, for any particular FLEDGE auction, either there is a single seller and no component auctions, or else all bids come from component auctions and the top-level auction can only choose among the component auctions' winners.
```

Author: SGTM
